PD-1707-document-shutdown-reboot-reason (#3548)
truenas/documentation: static/includes/TopToolbar.md

{{< expand "Power Options" "v" >}}
Click the **Power** <span class="material-icons">power_settings_new</span> button to open the dropdown list of power options.

> Options **Restart** which logs you out of the TrueNAS UI and restarts the server or **Shut Down** which logs you out of the TrueNAS UI and powers off the system as though you pressed the power button on the physical server. Both of these options allow you to select a reason for the restart or shut down from the **Reason** drop-down menu.

Reviewer: This is one of those tricky spots I mentioned where we mix up using the UI ref field as the function either in noun or verb form. The proper way to handle this is to only use the UI emphasis when you are specifically talking about the UI element (screen, dialog, button, etc.) but all other mentions are not in bold or with capitalization. So, how to handle this instance? If you want to talk about the function don't put it in bold, but when you talk about the name of dialog or screen, or a button or a field, then make it clear that is what you are talking about. Not sure which is best so I'll just make one suggestion to illustrate.
```suggestion
The restart function logs you out of the TrueNAS UI and restarts the server. The shutdown function logs you out of the UI and then powers off the system as though you pressed the power button on the physical server.  Click on the **Restart** button to open the dialog, then select an option from the **Reason** dropdown list, select **Confirm** to activate the **Restart** button. Click to restart the system
To shutdown the system, Click on **Shutdown** to open the dialog, select a reason from the dropdown list, select **Confirm**, then click **Shut Down**. 
```
These above is one way to handle instances like this. Remember. Clear, Concise, Correct. Remember the ESL audience that will attempt to translate this with Google Translate or some other online tool. Make it as easy on them as you can. :-)
